abandoned efforts
abandoned plans
able something
able which
acted mr.
addressed issue
adopt measures
adopted resolution
adopted resolutions
adopted rules
agreed at meeting
agreed in november
agreed mr.
agreed on plan
agreed to plan
aims mr.
allocated $
allowed hospitals
allowed players
allows anyone
announce plan
announced agreement
announced deal
announced initiative
announced measures
announced plan
announced plans
announced series
announced strike
announced venture
appeared before committee
appeared in court
appointed advocate
approve $
approved $
approved agreement
approved amendment
approved bill
approved charter
approved issue
approved legislation
approved plan
approved plans
approved proposal
approved resolution
are in position
are on hand
are on strike
are under order
are under pressure
asked agencies
asked board
asked commission
asked companies
asked congress
asked court
asked courts
asked judge
attended meeting
attended party
attended rally
awaiting approval
awarded contract
be in position
be on hand
be under pressure
been on strike
been under pressure
began campaign
began debate
began efforts
began program
began sit-in
began strike
began talks
begin campaign
begun campaign
begun campaigns
begun discussions
begun mr.
blocked attempt
blocked highway
blocked street
borrow money
borrowed $
borrowed money
broke windows
brought lawsuit
brought suit
budgeted $
called attention
called for action
called for boycott
called for demonstrations
called for effort
called for efforts
called for march
called for program
called for steps
called for strike
called meeting
called mr.
called on administration
called on city
called on congress
called on council
called strike
came from
came to hall
came up with plan
canceled contracts
canceled plans
carried placards
carried signs
chanted slogans
chose mr.
circulated petitions
clashed with police
cleared way
close to agreement
close to deal
collected money
collected signatures
come to house
come under pressure
come up with ways
coming under pressure
committed $
considering bills
considering legislation
considering plans
considering proposals
considering steps
considering tax
considering ways
continued protests
contribute $
contributed $
contributing $
converged on beijing
counted on money
creating pressure
crossed lines
crowded streets
cut off aid
decided mr.
defeated efforts
delayed plans
delivered signatures
demanding $
denied request
described action
developed ways
did best
did nothing
disclosed plans
discussed plans
discussing plans
dismissed filing
distributed fliers
do anything
do best
do everything
do more
do nothing
do things
do what
does move
does nothing
doing anything
doing best
doing nothing
doing what
donated $
done anything
done best
done deal
done nothing
done things
done what
drafting legislation
drawn up plans
dropped plans
embarked on program
ended strike
endorsed plan
established commission
established fund
established programs
examining ways
exert pressure
expanding efforts
expect mr.
exploring ways
expressed confidence
expressed doubt
expressed eagerness
expressed frustration
expressed reluctance
facing pressure
failed in effort
failed in efforts
faltering in efforts
feel need
feel pressure
felt need
felt pressure
fighting in court
file suit
filed action
filed application
filed brief
filed claims
filed complaint
filed grievance
filed lawsuit
filed lawsuits
filed motion
filed notice
filed papers
filed petition
filed petitions
filed request
filed suit
filed suits
filled streets
find under pressure
find way
find ways
finding ways
formed coalition
formed committee
formed group
fought plans
found way
found ways
gathered afternoon
gathered at building
gathered at home
gathered at school
gathered in jerusalem
gathered in park
gathered in square
gathered on steps
gave $
gave approval
gave details
gave permission
go to court
going to lengths
gone on strike
gone on strikes
gone to court
gone to lengths
got approval
had authority
had chance
had opportunity
had time
has mr.
have authority
have chance
have contracts
have control
have money
have mr.
have obligation
have opportunity
have right
have time
held conference
held conferences
held demonstration
held demonstrations
held drives
held meeting
held meetings
held rally
held strike
held talks
held up signs
held vigil
hired company
hired lawyers
hold benefit
hold conference
hope mr.
hoped mr.
hopes mr.
imposed sanctions
increase pressure
increase spending
increased efforts
instructed agencies
introduced bill
introduced legislation
introduced programs
is for congress
is in contract
is in midst
is in position
is in talks
is under order
is under pressure
issued appeal
issued communique
issued letter
issued order
issued report
issued resolution
issued statement
issued statements
issued subpoenas
joined forces
joined in partnership
joined with partners
joining forces
knocked on door
launched attacks
lay off workers
laying plans
leading campaign
led efforts
lifted ban
look for ways
looking at ways
looking for volunteers
looking for way
looking for ways
lost battle
made attempt
made changes
made comments
made commitment
made commitments
made concessions
made deal
made deals
made decision
made effort
made efforts
made investment
made offer
made promise
made promises
made statement
made statements
made strides
mailed letters
maintained vigil
make appeal
make changes
make effort
make efforts
making effort
making efforts
managed mr.
marched in protest
marched in streets
marched on friday
marched on hall
marched on square
marched through city
marched through paris
marched through streets
marched tonight
meeting with officials
met with representatives
mounted campaign
moved in years
mustered votes
need mr.
need support
needed votes
negotiating with authority
negotiating with developer
negotiating with officials
obtained order
occupied office
offered $
offered opposition
offered plan
offered proposals
offering programs
opened campaign
opened talks
opposed efforts
opposed plans
ordered banks
ordered city
ordered company
ordered department
ordered homes
ordered office
ordered states
organized demonstrations
organized protests
outlined plans
packed meetings
paid $
pass legislation
passed act
passed bill
passed law
passed laws
passed legislation
passed measure
passed resolution
passed resolutions
passed series
pay $
pays $
plan mr.
planned day
planned mr.
planned rallies
plans mr.
played role
pledged $
preparing legislation
preparing mr.
presented plan
pressed states
pressing administration
pressing companies
pressing government
proposed creation
proposed increase
proposed legislation
proposed plan
proposed ways
proposing cuts
provide $
provide incentive
provided $
published advertisements
pursuing plans
put on show
put pressure
puts pressure
putting pressure
raise $
raised possibility
raised questions
raises money
raising money
rallied outside hall
reached agreement
reached deal
reached plan
receive $
received $
received approval
received calls
received hundreds
received letter
received letters
received money
received permission
received thousands
recommended steps
redouble efforts
refused meals
refused mr.
rejected application
rejected argument
rejected effort
rejected measures
rejected most
rejected offer
rejected plan
rejected plans
rejected proposal
rejected request
released statement
requested $
required agencies
required states
requires schools
resigned from association
resigned post
resisted pressure
resumed negotiations
return calls
ruled out action
running ads
said mr.
saw as attempt
scheduled events
scrapped plans
searching for way
searching for ways
seek order
seeking $
seeking approval
seeking buyers
seeking ways
seeks mr.
selling property
sent letter
sent letters
sent message
sent out letters
served subpoenas
set deadline
set fire
set up campaign
set up line
set up operations
showed up at meeting
showing willingness
shown willingness
signaled willingness
signed agreement
signed agreements
signed contract
signed deal
signed legislation
signed letter
signed petition
signed petitions
signed statement
signed treaty
sold $
sought mr.
sought permission
sought ways
spend $
spend money
spending $
spending millions
spent $
spent millions
spent money
spoke out for time
staged demonstration
staged demonstrations
staged protest
staged protests
staged rally
staged series
staged sit-in
staged sit-ins
staged strike
staged strikes
started mr.
started program
started service
step up efforts
stepped up campaign
stepped up efforts
stepped up pressure
stepping up efforts
struck agreement
struggled for years
studying ways
submitted letter
submitted letters
submitted plan
sued city
sued commission
sued in court
sued state
suing in court
supported efforts
supported legislation
supporting efforts
take action
take actions
take measures
take step
take steps
take to streets
taken action
taken actions
taken advantage
taken measures
taken number
taken steps
taken to streets
taking advantage
taking measures
taking pains
taking part
taking step
taking steps
talked about need
took step
took to streets
traveled country
tried best
tried for years
tried in months
tried mr.
tried time
tried times
tried with success
try mr.
trying for years
trying mr.
trying with success
turned out in force
turned to programs
unable in part
unfurled banners
unveiled plan
unveiled plans
urged administration
urged countries
urged governments
urged nations
urged officials
urged states
urged voters
use $
use money
use power
use some
use violence
used $
used authority
used maneuver
used numbers
used opportunity
used power
used speech
used surpluses
using clout
using issue
using lines
using networks
using technology
voted by margins
voted in favor
voted mr.
waged battle
waged campaign
waging battle
walked off job
walked off jobs
wanted rates
wants mr.
warned companies
was among first
was in hurry
was in position
was on track
was under order
was under pressure
weaken ability
welcomed efforts
went on rampage
went on run
went on strike
went to court
went to hospital
went to washington
were under pressure
withdrew plans
withdrew support
won approval
won contract
won right
won support
wore armbands
wore ribbons
work hours
work with center
work with congress
working behind scenes
working for months
working mr.
working on legislation
working with agencies
working with officials
working with russia
works mr.
written letter
written letters
written to officials
wrote letter
wrote letters
